---
name: The team and my role in it
position: 2
case_study: 1
---
## Homzhub Team
At Homzhub, our tech team consisted of a CTO, a senior QA, a handful of devs and me. I was the product owner/manager. However though, before the start of the project, the lead developer had quit our team. 

## Outsourcing
A growing startup with a small team, we did not want to wait any longer to launch the product. The company decided to hire a tech-agency to deliver the app.

## Sharing of work
This was how the share of work happened between Homzhub and the tech agency - 
- Homzhub took care of 
	- writing the specs, 
	- creating a backlog of stories and 
	- prioritising them in the sprint cycle. 
	- created the data model diagrams for the app. 
	- worked with a designer to create high-fidelity designs. 
- The tech-agency provided a team of 6 devs, 1 designer and 1 project manager who 
	- worked inside the sprint cycle to develop the functionalities of the application. 

## My responsibilities  
- During the planning phase
	- Worked with the CEO to make the product roadmap, PRD and the scope for the first version of the application.
	- Created the initial set of user personas. 
	- Designed rough wire-frames using Adobe XD to map out the user journey in various flows. 
	- Used the mock prototype from Adobe XD to conduct usability tests over zoom call (because of the pandemic could not meet the testers’ in-person). 
	- Worked with a consultant to finalise the data model design of the application. 
	- [ ] Add screenshots of the google form and the zoom call. 
- During the sprints
	- Created specs for the designers to help them understand the context
	- Managed backlog by creating the user-stories
	- Worked closely with the designers to create high fidelity designs
	- Helped the developers understand the use-case whenever there was an un-certainty. 
	- Collected and filtered through the feedback from the initial set of alpha users, post the sprints. 
	- [ ] Screenshots of Excalidraw, Notion and Jira