---
name: Managing the product
position: 5
case_study: 1
slug: vedant2
---
This was my usual flow of work for every feature release
## Feature Planning
- The inspiration for a new feature would either come from our scope, user feedback or internal team feedback
- I would present the possible feature list to our CEO and CTO. I had a simple format for this
	- *Who requested this feature*
	- *What problem will this feature solve*
	- *How valuable will this feature be for the target group*
	- *How complex is it to build*
- The final decision on any feature or the prioritisation would come from our CEO.

## Feature Specs 
- Next, once a feature was finalised and the possible scope clarified by the CEO. I would work with the CTO to write a feature spec. 
- What we would try to do is visualise the flow 
- Sketch out the screens/forms required on the front-end
- Create the designs for the additional tables/columns required in the database to create implement this feature in the backend. 

## Design Reviews
- The specs were given to the designers
- Twice every-week we had a design review call which included the product/tech team and our CEO
- The designers would use this call to get more clarity on the spec provided to them
- Show-case the possible alternatives to build the requested feature 
- Use the feedback to create the final high-fidelity version

## Stories inside Jira
- After the designs have been approved, I would create multiple user-stories inside Jira
- I followed INVEST Framework to write my user stories.
- [ ] Screenshot of a possible user story

## Scrum and Sprints
- Every Friday, we would refine the user stories in the backlog. 
- Project Manager from the tech-agency would then work with me to freeze the scopes of the upcoming sprint

## Testing and release
- Once we received a go-ahead from the QA, we would close the sprint. 
- The release formalities, post the sprint, were taken care of by our CTO. 
