---
name: Positioning and pricing
case_study: 1
---
Along with our chief-growth officer and CEO, we created a positioning for our new app - **“End-to-end property management for part-time real-estate investors”**.

## Why?
- While there are several feature-heavy property management applications, none are targeted towards the individual investors who may not need a property manager to manage their assets. 
- They want to manage their assets themselves but may need a tool to track everything that occurs inside their portfolio. 
- Our target user group was property owners who were living outside India and had at least 2 real estate investments in the country. 

## Why this group?
- We knew at least in the Indian market, their were no applications that provided the features we did. 
- On top of the app, we could leverage our offline services and market knowledge to provide end-to-end property management services. 
- Owners with one property are able to get by without having to worry too much about the property finances or are not looking to expand their property portfolio
- Owners with at least 2 investments, were serious investors who firstly would want to reduce the headache of managing multiple properties and their tenants and secondly, are more open to look for more investment options emerging in the market. 

## Pricing offline and online
- We decided to bundle the offline services we provided in the first 2 years of our existence as special value added services that the owners could avail for their properties, thus further cementing our positioning as the *“End-to-end property management app”*
- It was challenging to package and combine our new software tools along with the offline services we had been offering since the inception of the company. 
- We decided to break our plans in two different components
	- Subscription plans to use the application
	- Service plans for when the property owner might require additional help. 
	- Ex. Marketing, photoshoots, repairs, assisted renting.
